# VR Project 3 Readme #
## Nathan Rasmussen ##
Maze is...a maze! In this VR app you start in the opening scene and must click on the "Enter the Maze" sign to get to the maze. Once the maze starts you need to locate and collect the key before you can open the door to the temple to complete the maze. The door will be locked until the key is used. There are a total of 5 collectible coins in the game which you can find. 

This project was a lot of work but I learned a ton by doing it. I felt like after a solid day I was almost done with it, but not only did I spend a lot of time trying to make it look visually appealing with the lighting and a skybox, I spent even more time troubleshooting what seemed to be little things. I ended up spending maybe 30 hours on it and the scripting portion was a lot of fun because I started to really understand (at a basic level) what I was doing and how to make things work properly. I had a lot of weird issues with the GvrViewer and it was because I was trying to adapt the trigger script from project 2 for every interacting object I was using. I went back to the scripts provided in the download and used the event system and the trigger methods to make it work and it was a lot easier in the end.

The biggest thing I wanted was to make the waypoints animate as you transition. I felt that the sudden transporting and the constant moving around the maze was not very user friendly. I wanted there to be a slower transition and I tried very hard to adapt the waypoints used in the lessons to the project but in the end they just never worked. I couldn't figure out how to animate the ones provided and in the end I felt I had spent sufficient time on the project.

Another thing or things I wanted to do was to make a GUI timer that counted down and have the coins add time which would encourage players to find them. All the references to adding a GUI display seemed to say to put it on the player object and when I tried to do this on the camera it never showed up. I did get a countdown timer to work and was going to make it "kill" the player when it was zero but I needed it to be displayed and didn't get it to work. I also wanted the coin count to be displayed but didn't get it to work for the same reason.

